I created this website based on the mock up I made from User Experience class. It should be a web portfolio but I haven't had any finished work, so I chose to get assets from free resources. The challenging thing I faced was creating the website that is close to the mock up as much as possible. Because I'm not yet good enough to develop the site as exactly what I want it to be, it's slightly different. As the minimalism person, I want to make a simple website, flat and minimalize the content. I chose the sun and clouds as website header because my real name means 'Sun' and my English name pronounced like 'Sky'. I like pink and red. I think these colors are friendly to everyone, not too bright, not too dark, so I chose this color tone to the entire website. I like the homepage doesn't have much text so I decided to make it visualized by cards of each category and used flex to organize them. There were so many ideas go on in my head about how my website will look like when I was designing it. But when making it alive, it became my limit because my skills are still a fledgling. Therefore, I had to cut off some elements (which must be done by javascript). I got stuck sometimes with animation and how the photos display on mobile/tablet version because I didn't want it to be full size. I searched more about them on W3S and I also have got guidance from Henry during the development (and this class in general). So, from this assignment, I've learned more about Flex, Transition, Animation,... In general, my web portfolio is just a simple website, but it reflects myself best. 

Assets: https://unsplash.com/